---
permalink: /CS5520/Brainstorming/crag
---

# Finding the Crag

**Persona and scenario:** Any climber, young, old, strong, new, short, tall etc. If they are experienced then they may have some intuition about how to get to a climbing crag. If they are a new climber they may not.Maybe they are good at following trails in general (a hiker/backpacker). Maybe there are different parts of the crag with slightly different approaches. They may wish to go to one part of it for various reasons (correct difficulty of routes for them, easier approach, different rock type, friends are there, less/more crowded, style of climbing, type of protection).

**Trigger:** The user is attempting to get to a crag. They feel unsure that they will get there without help.

**Desired Outcome:** The user has arrived at the crag in a timely and efficient manner that matches their expectations (approach time was consistent with what was expected, the approach difficulty was similar, information regarding the routes there is correct etc).

**Base Knowledge:** The user is expected to know roughly what difficulty of climbing they are capable of, what difficulty (elevation gain and length) of approach they wish to do. They should be expected to know what style of climbing they wish to do. 

**Required Knowledge:** At a minimum, the user must know how to use or interact with a map or guidebook and determine the final location/route they wish to reach.

**Artifacts:**

Tools:

- Guidebook
- Map
- Climbing equipment

Information:

- What route or area they wish to reach.
- What difficulty of climb they wish to do.
- How much time they have available.
- What style of climbing are they going to do.
